Weekly Changelog 2023-07-10 to 2023-07-17 (#66962)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Make vehicle doors lockable and pickable
Implement export&import of the protagonist and follower NPCs
Expand grain farming and adjust seeds

> Creatures above cast shadows onto tiles below
> More tools can be connected to grid directly
> Apply different messages at different intensity levels
> Player character now can get sick with common cold or flu only after contacts with NPCs or ferals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creatures above cast shadows onto tiles below
Apply different messages at different effect intensity levels
Player character now can get sick with common cold or flu only after contacts with NPCs or ferals
```

New location: speedway
You can now choose a new leader for your faction without dying
Adds new skateboard vehicle

> Most scenarios now provide vision of the nearest city on start
> Graves may have ruder writing on them
> Added new zombullfrog evolution and removed their fear of fire and pain
> Adds a new arabic armaments book that has some new and old stuff. moving multiple other things to graded steel.
> Add an all-wooden fermenting vat
> More large building and  up above start locations
> Added the MOLLE Hand Grenade Pouch to the Military Base warehouse
> Zombie Dissection/Butchering Snippets
> Added Splintmail Greaves and Vambraces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most scenarios now provide vision of the nearest city on start
```

Disable the Bionic Professions mod by default
Add the Mind Over Matter mod to the CDDA repository
[Tamable Wildlife] More tamable creatures

> Add Zener cards
> Tamable Wildlife: tamable rattlesnakes
> Resubmission of #47984 with fixes and a roof
> [DinoMod] giganotosaurus
> Add noetic resilience treatment, fix https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/issues/66804

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not sure about these. Some are additions to content that was added post-0.G and others are small or not well described.

The player is substantially less effective with guns at low skill values
Lycra is less protective
BMI has a less all consuming impact on how healthy you are
Being badly wounded will always allow you to swap characters in camp while you heal

> Certain previously non dodgeable attacks can be dodged

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The player is substantially less effective with guns at low skill values
Lycra is less protective
BMI has a less all consuming impact on how healthy you are

> you can't uninstall bio_int_enhancer or bio_memory
> Being badly wounded will always allow you to swap characters in camp while you heal
> microlab reactor has nuclear fuel cells instead of asrgs
> certain previously non dodgeable attacks can be dodged
> intelligence provides a multiplier to current focus rather than adding to its value
> titanium skeletal bracing provides bash armor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being badly wounded will always allow you to swap characters in camp while you heal
Certain previously non dodgeable attacks can be dodged
Intelligence provides a multiplier to current focus rather than adding to its value
```

Flat armor penetration is spread across all armor layers instead of applying its full value to each
Fix tow cables being unable to connect different vehicles
Smashing now incorporates any MELEE_DAMAGE and STRENGTH enchantments
'w'ield menu will now correctly trigger a steal warning when wielding an item that does not belong to player

> Add missing dialogue to tell Rubik about the Hub

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Flat armor penetration is spread across all armor layers instead of applying its full value to each
Fix tow cables being unable to connect different vehicles
Smashing now incorporates any MELEE_DAMAGE and STRENGTH enchantments

> Fix coruscating matrix crystal not draining on use
> 'w'ield menu will now correctly trigger a steal warning when wielding an item that does not belong to player
> Add missing dialogue to tell Rubik about the Hub.
> Prevents civilians from evolving into zombie children
> Adds the aluminum bat to beginner bash practice
> fix issue where fault fixes use the wrong time to fix
> Give the FN SCAR its attachment points back
> Allow crafting tools to use linked electricity
> Fix pathfinding around vehicles
> Fix molotov
> Fix grenade manhacks
> Fix z-level shadows drawn on unseen tiles
> sig 553 doesn't have a flat damage modifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'w'ield menu will now correctly trigger a steal warning when wielding an item that does not belong to player
Add missing dialogue to tell Rubik about the Hub
Allow crafting tools to use linked electricity
```
